[8.7][CSPM] Adds CSPM overview and getting started pages to Cloud Security section (#3014)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/cspm-get-started.asciidoc

[[cspm-get-started]]
= Get started with CSPM

[discrete]
[[cspm-overview]]
== Overview

This page explains how to get started monitoring the security posture of your cloud assets using the Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) integration.

NOTE: This integration currently supports Amazon Web Service (AWS). Support for other major cloud service providers is coming soon.

.Requirements
[sidebar]
--

> * The CSPM integration is available to all Elastic Cloud users. For on-prem deployments, it requires an https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CSPM integration is available to all Elastic Cloud users. On-premises deployments require an https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription].
```

> * To view posture data, you need `read` privileges for the following {es} indices: `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings_latest-*`, `logs-cloud_security_posture.scores-*`, `Logs-cloud_security_posture.findings`.

Reviewer: Thinking out loud: would the list of indices work as a bulleted list (sub-bullets)? It's just a little hard to parse visually as a sentence, commas blend in with other monospace characters.

* The user who gives the CSPM integration AWS permissions needs to be an AWS account `admin` user.
--

[discrete]
[[cspm-setup]]
== Set up CSPM for AWS

[discrete]
[[cspm-add-and-name-integration]]

> === Add and name your CSPM integration

Reviewer: Creating a name doesn't seem like such a central or unique part of this process that it needs to be mentioned in the heading; just "add the integration" seems enough to capture the overall step in the process.
```suggestion
=== Add your CSPM integration
```

[discrete]
[[cspm-add-and-name-integration]]
=== Add your CSPM integration

> * From the Elastic Security *Get started* page, click *Add integrations*.

Reviewer 2: Yes, definitely an ordered list.

> * From the Elastic Security homepage, click *Add integrations*.

Reviewer: I don't think there's an "Elastic Security homepage" or a page called "Home." Maybe "Get started"?

[discrete]
=== Set up cloud account access
The CSPM integration requires access to AWS’s built-in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions.html#jf_security-auditor[`SecurityAudit` IAM policy] in order to discover and evaluate resources in your cloud account. There are several ways to provide access:

* IAM Role (recommended)
* Direct access keys
* Temporary security credentials

> * Shared credentials file

Reviewer: Might be useful to add links to the sections below.

Regardless of which option you use, you’ll need to attach AWS’s built-in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions.html#jf_security-auditor[`SecurityAudit` IAM policy].

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-irsa]]
==== Option 1 - [Recommended] Use Kubernetes Service Account to assume IAM role

> Leverage IRSA (IAM role to Kubernetes service-account) feature to get temporary credentials and scoped permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leverage the IRSA (IAM role to Kubernetes service-account) feature to get temporary credentials and scoped permission.
```

[[cspm-use-irsa]]
==== Option 1 - [Recommended] Use Kubernetes Service Account to assume IAM role

Follow AWS's https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/iam/#iam-roles-for-service-accounts-irsa[EKS Best Practices] documentation to use the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[IRSA][IAM Role to Kubernetes Service-Account] (IRSA) feature to get temporary credentials and scoped permissions.

> During setup, do not fill in any option in the "Setup Access" section. Instead click *Save and continue*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During setup, do not fill in any option in the "Setup Access" section. Click *Save and continue*.
```

> IRSA is a feature that allows you to assign an IAM role to a Kubernetes service account. It works by leveraging a Kubernetes feature known as Service Account Token Volume Projection. When pods are configured with a Service Account that references an IAM Role, the Kubernetes API server will call the public OIDC discovery endpoint for the cluster on startup. The endpoint cryptographically signs the OIDC token issued by Kubernetes and the resulting token is mounted as a volume. This signed token allows the pod to call the AWS API's associated IAM role. When an AWS API is invoked, the AWS SDK calls `sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity`. After validating the token's signature, IAM exchanges the Kubernetes issued token for a temporary AWS role credential.

Reviewer: Whoa, we do NOT want to be copy/pasting from AWS's docs. Links and summaries are OK, but quoting another vendor's content could be problematic.

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-instance-role]]
==== Option 2 - Use default instance role
Follow AWS's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html[IAM roles for Amazon EC2] documentation to create an IAM role using the IAM console, which automatically generates an instance profile.

During setup, do not fill in any option in the "Setup Access" section. Click *Save and continue*.

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-keys-directly]]
==== Option 3 - Use access keys directly
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. To use access keys as credentials, you need to provide the `Access key ID` and the `Secret Access Key`.

For more details, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html[Access Keys and Secret Access Keys].

> IMPORTANT: You must select "Programmatic access" when creating the IAM user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: You must select *Programmatic access* when creating the IAM user.
```

> When you create an IAM role using the IAM console, the console creates an instance profile automatically and gives it the same name as the role to which it corresponds.

Reviewer: Same as above on quoting AWS's docs.

> IMPORTANT: You must select "Programmatic access" when creating the IAM user.

Reviewer: Need an extra blank line for this to render correctly as an AsciiDoc admonition:
```suggestion

IMPORTANT: You must select "Programmatic access" when creating the IAM user.
```

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-temp-credentials]]
==== Option 4 - Use temporary security credentials
You can configure temporary security credentials in AWS to last for a specified duration. They consist of an access key ID, a secret access key, and a security token, which is typically found using `GetSessionToken`.

Because temporary security credentials are short term, once they expire, you will need to generate new ones and manually update the integration's configuration to continue collecting cloud posture data. Update the credentials before they expire to avoid data loss.

> NOTE: IAM users with multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled need to submit an MFA code when calling `GetSessionToken`. For more details, refer to AWS' https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[Temporary Security Credentials] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: IAM users with multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled need to submit an MFA code when calling `GetSessionToken`. For more details, refer to AWS's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[Temporary Security Credentials] documentation.
```

You can use the AWS CLI to generate temporary credentials. For example, you could use the following command if you have MFA enabled:

[source,console]
----------------------------------

> `sts get-session-token --serial-number arn:aws:iam::1234:mfa/your-email@example.com --duration-seconds 129600 --token-code 123456`

Reviewer: I think the backticks are redundant here, because the `source` block is already rendering the line as code

* `Access key ID`: The first part of the access key.
* `Secret Access Key`: The second part of the access key.
* `Session Token`: A token required when using temporary security credentials.

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file]]
==== Option 5 - Use a shared credentials file
If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details refer to AWS's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files] documentation.

Instead of providing the `Access key ID` and `Secret Access Key` to the integration, provide the information required to locate the access keys within the shared credentials file:

* `Credential Profile Name`: The profile name in the shared credentials file.
* `Shared Credential File`: The directory of the shared credentials file.

If you don't provide values for all configuration fields, the integration will use these defaults:

- If `Access key ID`, `Secret Access Key`, and `ARN Role` are not provided, then the integration will check for `Credential Profile Name`.

> - If there is no `Credential Profile Name`, the default profile will be used.

Author: I'm not sure quite what you're picturing here, but if you've got an improvement to the organization in mind I'd love to see it!

> - If there is no `Credential Profile Name`, the default profile will be used.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, ofc! I was envisioning the following:

```suggestion
- If Access key ID, Secret Access Key, and ARN Role are not provided, then the integration will check for Credential Profile Name. If there is no `Credential Profile Name`, the default profile will be used.
```

It's a lot of info to load into the first bullet but if bullets one and two are related, maybe it's best to keep them together? If the second bullet isn't dependent on the first (i.e., the `Credential Profile Name` can be generated or set in lieu of the user providing the `Access key ID`, `Secret Access Key`, and `ARN Role` are not provided, then the integration will check for `Credential Profile Name`), the list works as is. 

All this said, I don't have a preference towards one or the other. :) Even if the second bullet is dependent on the first, separating out the list this way prevents information overload in the first bullet and creates a more readable list.

> If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details refer to AWS' https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details refer to AWS's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files] documentation.
```

- If `Shared Credential File` is empty, the default directory will be used.
  - For Linux or Unix, the shared credentials file is located at `~/.aws/credentials`.

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-iam-arn]]
===== Option 6 - Use an IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
An IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN) is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You define the role's permissions.
Roles do not have standard long-term credentials such as passwords or access keys.
Instead, when you assume a role, it provides you with temporary security credentials for your session.

[discrete]
[[cspm-finish-setup]]
=== Finish CSPM setup
Once you’ve provided AWS credentials:

> * If you want to monitor an AWS account where you have not yet deployed {agent}, select *New Hosts* under “Where to add this integration”.

Reviewer: I think both would be bold, since they're both referring to elements in the UI the user is interacting with.
```suggestion
* If you want to monitor an AWS account where you have not yet deployed {agent}, select *New Hosts* under *Where to add this integration*.
```

> * Name the {agent} policy. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cloud account or accounts you want to monitor. For example, `dev-aws-account`.

Reviewer: Looks like we're suggesting the customer use the same name for both their Agent policy and their integration policy (above, line 30). That seems potentially confusing, but I don't know enough about cloud use cases so maybe it's not?

Author: I'll refer this question to @tinnytintin10 for his review

> * Click *Save and continue*, then *Add {agent} to your hosts*. The Add agent wizard appears and provides {agent} binaries which you can download and deploy to your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click *Save and continue*, then *Add {agent} to your hosts*. The *Add agent* wizard appears and provides {agent} binaries which you can download and deploy to your AWS account.
```

[[cspm-get-started]]
= Get started with CSPM

[discrete]
[[cspm-overview]]
== Overview

> This page explains how to get started monitoring the security posture of your cloud assets using the Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) integration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This page explains how to get started monitoring the security posture of your cloud assets using the Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) feature.
```

> NOTE: This integration currently supports Amazon Web Service (AWS).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NOTE: The CSPM feature currently only supports posture evaluations for Amazon Web Service (AWS).
```

.Requirements
[sidebar]
--
* The CSPM integration is available to all {ecloud} users. On-premise deployments require an https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription].
* To view posture data, you need `read` privileges for the following {es} indices:
** `logs-cloud_security_posture.findings_latest-*`
** `logs-cloud_security_posture.scores-*`
** `Logs-cloud_security_posture.findings`
* The user who gives the CSPM integration AWS permissions needs to be an AWS account `admin` user.
--

[discrete]
[[cspm-setup]]
== Set up CSPM for AWS

> To set up CSPM for AWS, add your CSPM integration and then enable cloud account access.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To set up CSPM for AWS, add the CSPM integration and then enable cloud account access.
```

. Search for `CSPM`, then click on the result.
. Click *Add Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM)*.
. Give your integration a name that matches the purpose or team of the AWS account you want to monitor, for example, `dev-aws-account`.

[discrete]
[[cspm-set-up-cloud-access-section]]
=== Set up cloud account access
The CSPM integration requires access to AWS’s built-in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions.html#jf_security-auditor[`SecurityAudit` IAM policy] in order to discover and evaluate resources in your cloud account. There are several ways to provide access:

* <<cspm-use-irsa,IAM Role (recommended)>>
* <<cspm-use-instance-role,Default instance role>>
* <<cspm-use-keys-directly,Direct access keys>>
* <<cspm-use-temp-credentials,Temporary security credentials>>
* <<cspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file,Shared credentials file>>
* <<cspm-use-iam-arn, IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN)>>

Regardless of which option you use, you’ll need to attach AWS’s built-in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions.html#jf_security-auditor[`SecurityAudit` IAM policy].

[discrete]
[[cspm-use-irsa]]

> ==== Option 1 - [Recommended] Use Kubernetes Service Account to assume IAM role

Reviewer 4: Get rid of option 1. This option doesn't apply to CSPM
